**
Hey!
It says, "Don't walk."
Dude, there are
zero cars coming.
Yeah, but your safety
is my responsibility.
I'm the newest member
of the Safety Patrol.
I'd say, "Congrats,"
but I don't really mean it.
I'll take it anyway.
Just so you know,
next time you break a rule,
I'll be forced
to write you up.
**
How does the vest look
from the back?
**
-- Captions by VITAC --
* Fresh off the boat
* I'm gettin' mine
everywhere I go *
* If you don't know, homey,
now you know *
* Fresh off the boat
* Homey, you don't know
where I come from *
* But I know where I'm goin'
* I'm fresh off the boat
[ Indistinct conversations ]
I can't believe
that guy.
What guy? Schwimmer?
No. Trent.
He's on
the Safety Patrol.
Why would he do something
so lame?
I know. I told him
he should do something cool
and join cheerleading
like me.
You're a cheerleader?
Yep -- The first male
top of pyramid in 30 years.
What glass ceiling?
We've all joined
school clubs.
We told you this.
Yeah,
and I told you --
when it's important,
repeat yourself.
Okay -- I'm playing the lead
in the school musical.
We couldn't get the rights
to "Rent,"
so we're doing our own version,
"Brent."
I play the evil landlord,
Brent.
It's pretty much
the same show,
only instead of AIDS,
everyone has the flu.
Walter, are you hearing
this nonsense?
The dog knew --
She knew she was dying.
Yo, life?
She's intense.
[ Exhales sharply ]
Are you reading
for fun?
Yeah.
I joined the book club.
Every month
is a different theme.
This month is healing.
What is happening?
Am I the only person
who cares about our reputation?
You guys are making us
look like losers.
We don't
**
Sorry.
* Don't worry about it
[ Light laughter ]
Why would you sing,
Dave?
Now the Sackers
think we're lame.
I mean, they're not as cool
as the jocks,
but they're cooler
than the dip kids.
Life's too short to worry,
Eddie.
You never know
when the flu could strike.
That's the message
of "Brent."
**
[ Doorbell rings ]
[ Sighs ]
Can a child get that,
please?
Where's my
favorite author?
I don't know
where Mary Higgins Clark lives.
Dallas?
Probably Dallas.
I was talking
about you.
[ Scoffs ]
How's the book going?
Intense.
I have all these
publisher notes.
I keep having to
get on the phone
with people who have names
like "Vera" and "Terry."
And on top of that,
I have to take an author photo
for the book jacket.
Oh, that's exciting!
I'll give you the name
of the woman
who did
Marvin's business cards.
She is
super expensive.
I'm not spending money
on a picture. I'll just
have you take it.
I would love to.
As a former makeup artist
for the hit musical "Cats,"
I'll make sure
you look your best.
Don't make
me look like a cat.
There's nothing scarier
than a cat person.
Mm, disagree.
You ever see someone
make chorizo?
**
[ Bell rings ]
Hey, bud.
Sorry if I came off
as harsh yesterday --
still trying
to find the right balance
of authority
and warmth.
It's okay.
That being said,
I'm gonna have to ask you
to change your shoes.
Why?
Dress-code violation.
You know this is
a closed-toed campus.
I'm not changing.
These slides make me look like
a relaxed athlete.
Really hoped
it wouldn't come to this.
I'm gonna need a signature
from your mom or dad
or whatever legal guardian
you live with.
[ Paper rustles ]
Trent, you know
my mom and dad.
And do us both a favor --
don't forge.
I have access
to all parent signatures
in the
principal's office,
and I can spot a trace job
a mile away.
I appraised my sister's
promise ring with this.
[ Sighs ]
**
On a scale of 1 to 10,
how likely am I to recommend?
I'd say a 6.
How often do I talk
to my friends about baking soda?
Never.
If anyone answered anything
other than "Never,"
I'd be shocked.
[ Door creaks ]
Three people said,
"All the time"?
Why are you sharing
this information with me?
I thought this survey
was confidential.
No, don't tell me
their names!
Sorry, Eddie.
What's up?
Your boy got busted.
Eddie!
[ Laughs ]
Dress-code violation?
For a second, I thought you
actually did something wrong.
I did
do something wrong.
These slides
are against the rules.
Anything could have happened
to my toes -- anything.
Okay, okay.
I'm just relieved you didn't
commit some bigger offense.
I knew
you were a good boy.
Don't call me that.
It's a compliment.
When I look at you
and your friends,
I see a group
of really good boys.
**
[ "COPS" theme song plays ]
* Good boys, whatcha want,
whatcha want *
* Whatcha gonna do?
* When these boys
are friends with you? *
* Good boys, good boys
* Whatcha gonna do?
* Whatcha gonna do when
they're friends with you? *
* Good boys, good boys
Eddie!
Hey, let me
ask you something.
How often do you talk to
your friends about baking soda?
**
Those guys
are jerks, Dave.
Don't let them
steal your smile.
They're just thugs.
What's going on?
Is someone bullying Dave?
Yeah,
the producers of "Rent."
Trent wrote to them
about our show --
said it was his
Safety Patrol responsibility
to put it
on their radar.
Now they're trying
to stop it --
something about a blatant
disregard of copyright law.
Trent's out of control, and he's
taking us down with him.
We have to show him
and the rest of these doubters
that we don't play
by his rules.
What are we gonna do?
I'll tell you
what we're gonna do --
tomorrow,
we all wear slides to school.
**
This is happening!
Okay, so this will just be
a free flow of ideas.
We'll see
where inspiration leads,
we'll let the author photo
come to us.
[ Sighs ]
I'm ready.
* She's going the distance
* She's going for speed
* She's all alone
* All alone
in her time of need *
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
* She's going the distance
* She's going for speed
[ Chatter ]
**
[ Sighs ]
Eddie, Eddie, Eddie...
Whatcha gonna do, Red,
write us all up?
What do you mean?
Come on, guys,
show the man your feet.
What the hell?
Sorry, man.
If we get in trouble, we can't
do our school activities.
If I get detention,
I'll have to miss rehearsal,
and if
I miss rehearsal,
my understudy
gets my part.
Hey, Eli.
He's mediocre at best.
Sorry, Eddie.
I guess we are good boys.
[ Dramatic music plays ]
Saturday Detention?
At least
you'll still have Sunday free
to cheer on the Dolphins
and pray for your soul.
**
Weird to be at school
on a Saturday.
Do you think
they still
have the vending machines
plugged in?
[ Chuckles ] If you had stopped
wearing open-toed shoes
when you were warned,
you wouldn't be here.
I'm not telling your mom
about this.
She's stressed enough
about her book as it is.
Well, I better get in there
with the other delinquents.
You know why guys like you
knock everything?
It's because
you're afraid.
Who said I was afraid?
It's a quote
from "The Breakfast Club" --
first American movie
I fell in love with.
The first movie I fell in love
with was "A Goofy Movie."
Broke my heart
when Goofy found out
his son was embarrassed
by him.
**
[ Indistinct whispering ]
[ Door slams ]
[ Sighs ]
**
So, what are you
in for?
Wearing slides.
Twice.
We got busted
for sacking.
They took our hacky sacks
and everything.
Like, when did hacky sacks
ever hurt anybody?
All right, listen up,
buttholes.
Personally, I'd rather be
anywhere else on a Saturday,
but my timeshare in Tallahassee
isn't gonna pay for itself.
Here are the rules --
no eating.
But you're eating.
Run laps.
But this is detention.
What did I say?!
[ Sighs ]
No eating, no talking,
no sleeping.
Okay, that's it.
**
Yep.
All right, w-what do you
think? Should we each
pick 10 favorites?
You can.
I hate them all.
What?
Jessica, these are great.
My smile is off.
It doesn't exude
the quiet confidence
of a Stephen King
or a Danielle Steel.
What about this one?
No, here.
Yes.
The one where you're peeking out
from the closet.
You look so pretty.
Well, of course I look pretty.
That's a given,
but none of these
are good enough.
I'm just gonna have to use
this old picture.
Now, tell me
that picture doesn't scream
"professional author."
It does scream
"professional author"...
because this is
Amy Tan.
[ Sighs ]
I know.
I thought
my publisher might go,
"Oh, this looks
a lot like Amy Tan,"
but then be too nervous
to say anything.
Evan:
[ Clears throat ]
Respectfully, if it didn't
work out with Honey,
you might want to go
in a different direction.
Emery: Who better to capture
the real Jessica Huang
than two people who came out
of Jessica Huang?
Jessica:
Oh, these are all blurry.
My hands shake
when I get excited.
These are terrible.
No need to decide right now!
We'll wait to hear from you.
You sleep on it.
Take your time.
**
[ Bell rings ]
How bad
was detention?
Did you
have to make a shiv?
You would know
if you didn't bail on me.
Hey, we apologized
in the moment.
**
Sorry.
Hey. Pretty cool
how you slept through detention
even though the lady coach
said not to.
Thanks.
Not to brag or whatever,
but...
I can
fall asleep anywhere.
You want
to eat lunch with us?
**
Yeah. Cool.
See you
good boys later.
**
[ Wind whistling ]
[ Birds chirping,
whimsical music plays ]
Why do I suddenly feel
much happier?
It's 'cause
you're off campus, bro.
This is amazing!
Every day at lunch,
we get tacos at Taco Fiesta.
That means "taco party"
in English.
So, you guys
don't even, like,
care what
the cafeteria's serving!
[ Scoffs ]
What's a cafeteria?
[ Laughs ]
Let's roll.
[ Typewriter keys clacking ]
Okay, I need to get this
off my chest.
Eddie got detention.
I didn't want to tell you
because I know you've been busy,
but it's been eating
at me.
Not now,
I'm in the zone.
Great! [ Chuckles ]
So technically,
we talked about it.
Whew!
I feel so unburdened.
Good parenting,
good partnership.
Okay, so, uh,
I'm a little hungry,
so I'm gonna go microwave
a bean burrito.
It was a two-pack
and somebody made one
and threw out the directions,
so I'm gonna put it in
for 30 seconds at a time
and keep checking it.
Anyway, you're writing.
You're writing, so...
I'm gonna...
[ Door opens ]
Look at you
back at it.
Yes,
I'm in the zone.
I don't want
to disturb you.
Just real quick --
I'm making one last plea
to use this photo.
The one where I caught you
uncapping a pen.
I don't need
a photo anymore.
I'm scrapping that book.
I'm writing a new one.
What?
Yes,
a children's book
about an alligator
who eats dreams.
You're just giving up
on your book?
What about
Vera and Terry?
They'll be fine.
They have each other.
I couldn't sleep last night,
and I realized
the reason I can't pick a photo
for that book
is because that book
is the problem.
This one
is much better.
[ Microwave door opens ]
The boy, Kevin,
wants to be an astronaut,
but then the alligator
eats the moon.
So he's just gonna stay
where he is.
[ Microwave beeping ]
[ Muffled ]
It's so good.
Hot.
It's hot, but so good.
[ Breathing heavily ]
[ Upbeat music playing ]
Yo.
Check this out.
'Scuse me...Paul.
Could I trouble you
for a cup?
I just want
to grab some water.
[ Sighs ]
You're the best.
**
I can totally
see you.
[ Music continues ]
Good thing I don't
get paid enough to care.
[ Sighs ]
**
That's that outlaw life,
yo!
You fools
paid for your sodas.
I can't believe we weren't
sure about you at first.
I mean, we saw you were
friends with that nerd
Safety Patrol kid.
Trent?
He's a real bummer.
He's the one who confiscated
our sacks.
They're locked away
in the principal's office,
never to be
hacked again.
I can probably help you
get your sacks back.
How?
Trent's locker is near
the bathroom I visit
when I need to TCB.
"Take care
of business."
He gave me
the combination
so I can store reading material
in there.
All we got to do
is get in his locker,
get the keys
to the principal's office,
and free the sacks.
Nice.
Okay.
Here's the plan.
Eddie: We wait until
Trent finishes his shift.
Then, we help ourselves
to those keys.
**
I know Principal Mathis
will be out of her office
all afternoon.
She's due in court
to defend the school's
musical production of "Brent."
**
[ Whispering ]
Keep reading.
Come on, Morrie.
Keep it interesting.
**
[ Sighs ]
You guys get your sacks back,
we replace Trent's keys --
in and out.
Eddie,
that was awesome!
You're a total badass.
Yeah, man!
Hey,
here's your cut!
[ Stammers ]
My cut?
We found Mathis' petty cash
sitting on her desk,
so we
helped ourselves.
Yeah, and I also took
these Post-its.
You guys stole money
from the school?
Yeah, man,
and these Post-its.
We couldn't have done it
without you.
Now, who wants some
7-Eleven slushies?
[ Gasps ] Yes!
Slushies!
Oh! Slushies!
Eddie, what's wrong?
You didn't yell, "Slushies."
Oh, sorry.
Slushies!
Yeah, that's what
I'm talking about.
Let's go.
Did you hear
about Trent?
Walter:
His key was used
to break into
the principal's office.
Someone stole $300.
Oh, yeah?
He got kicked off
Safety Patrol -- his one joy.
**
Here he comes.
Hey, bud.
Sorry about
Safety Patrol.
Thanks.
It's not like it's your fault
or anything.
All I ask is that you don't
treat me with kid gloves.
Oh.
You're wearing sneakers.
That's great.
I'm glad
your feet are safe.
**
[ Typewriter keys clacking ]
"'Sorry, little Linda,'
said the alligator,
'You can't become a doctor
because I ate the hospital.'"
Evan:
[ Clears throat ]
Honey informed us you're writing
a children's book.
If you haven't picked
an illustrator,
we'd like
to toss our hats in the ring.
Leave your portfolio.
I'll take a look.
I hope
there's new stuff in there.
**
We'll circle back.
She's seen these!
I told you
we weren't ready!
[ Sighs ]
[ Telephone rings ]
Hello?
Hi, Vera...
or Terry.
I'm glad you called.
I have news.
What?
Betrayal!
Sorry?
Vera or Terry
just called.
They said
they loved my author photo!
How could you send them
a picture I didn't approve?
Because the picture
doesn't matter.
And you were so worried
about it, you were gonna
throw away your whole book.
None of those photos make me
look like I'm a real author.
But you are
a real author.
Ohh,
what is happening?
I feel like...
all of my power
is draining from me.
I think maybe
you're experiencing insecurity.
No, that's dumb.
Why else would you
be sabotaging this?
You're the alligator
eating your own dream.
What if
nobody buys my book?
Well, you can't
control that.
I really want
to control it.
You wrote a book,
and you're
getting it published.
That's a very big deal.
I know it is,
and then if I fail,
everyone's gonna know.
Yeah, but if you fail,
then you'll have failed
at something that most people
are afraid of even trying.
You're saying
even if I fail,
people will still
be jealous of me?
Sure.
Besides, you know one person
who's gonna buy your book --
Me.
Thank you, Honey.
You're a good friend.
In my next book,
I'll name the murder victim
after you.
Yay!
You're welcome.
Louis:
Strongly agree.
[ Door opens ]
Agree.
Moderately disagree.
I got to go.
Goodbye, Mom.
Don't tell me
you got detention again.
No.
I need some advice.
Say you run
a dishwasher,
but it's
a really big dishwasher.
You ran
the dishwasher again?
Honestly,
I'm more impressed than angry.
How did you reconnect --
No. Sorry.
Let me try this again.
Say you wear
some slides to school,
but they fall off
and kill a man.
Eddie, metaphors are not
your strong suit.
I get the sense that
you don't want me to ask you
what's going on,
but what is going on?
I accidentally helped
some older kids steal
money from the school.
What?!
And Trent got blamed for it,
and now he's off safety patrol.
Do you think
I'm a bad person?
[ Chuckles ]
A bad person
wouldn't be upset
about letting his friend
take the fall.
You just
made a mistake.
I know you'll figure out a way
to make it a right.
I do know
how to make this right,
but I'm gonna need
your help.
**
I don't want you
to see me like this.
Wait.
I have information
you can use
to get back
on Safety Patrol.
[ Indistinct conversation ]
Sorry, boys,
no off-campus tacos for you.
Looks like you'll be having
cheese soup
with the rest
of the school.
Good work,
Trent.
Let's get you back
in that orange vest
where you belong,
hmm?
I hear it looks great
from the back.
Only $350 left to go
till your debt is paid.
But I only
borrowed $300!
At a very high
interest rate.
Bank of Louis.
Should've shopped around.
I know you don't
want to hear this, but...
you're not a bad boy.
[ Both chuckle ]
[ Sighs ] Brutal.
I guess it's true.
Asian dads don't say,
"I love you."
**
So, the photo Honey sent in
was yours?
Yes.
She knew she was bested.
[ Dramatic music plays ]
I love it.
You do?
Yes.
It's challenging people
to not like my book.
"What?
You don't like it?
What,
you got a problem?
Yeah,
I'm talking to you.
Let's see you write
an entire novel.
That's right!
Run away
to cookbooks, coward."
**
[ Sighs ]
[ Chatter ]
We thought you ditched us
to hangout with the Sackers.
Sorry, guys.
That was stupid of me.
Turns out the Sackers are not
cooler than the dip kids.
[ Rock music playing ]
* We're not gonna pay
* This guy Brent
* That guy Brent
What is this
about anyway?
I-I don't know,
but a lot of them have the flu.
[ Sneezes ]
[ Sniffles ]
* We're not gonna pay Brent
* Brent, Brent,
Brent, Brent, Brent *
[ "Seasons of Love" plays ]
* 315,557,000
* Seconds a year
* It's time now for flu shots
* Our immune systems win
* Let's wash our hands
I am onboard.
I wasn't at first, but I am now.
* We'll make it through
Shut it down!
[ Chatter ]
We lost the case!
No more singing!
Give me those programs.
We have to shred them.
Turns out we are in fact
in violation of copyright,
so live and learn,
I guess.
Pass them.
Pass them down.
Pass them down!